hi I'm Morgan from whole lot sale of
today I'm going to show you how to make
a salted caramel mocha right at home
moanin has the salted caramel syrup
which makes this drink so easy and who
doesn't love combining the flavors of
sweet and salty here's what you'll need
a double shot of espresso one ounce of
moanin salted caramel syrup one ounce of
chocolate syrup eight ounces of steamed
milk and we're gonna top it off with
some whipped cream caramel syrup and a
sprinkle of sea salt so first I'm going
to see my milk and I'm using the Gaggia
Classic semi-automatic espresso machine
and this is already up to seam
temperature so first you want to make
sure to purge your seam on to get rid of
any excess water that could be left in
there
okay now we are ready to steam our milk
so using the expiratory pitcher to steam
my milk and this is actually designed to
really get that roll going I'm using a
latte art pannarello wand on the classic
right now
now this can steam automatically or
manually by removing the sleeve
okay our milk is looking good so now we
want to cool down our boiler to do that
we're going to open up the steam valve
and turn on the brew button until a
solid stream of water comes out
all right now that our boiler is cooled
down we're ready to brew our shot I've
already loaded in tempt my portafilter
with Lavazza super crema so I just need
to go ahead and press the brew button
all right let's put it together
alright now I'm going to top it with
some whipped cream and I'm going to add
a drizzle of caramel syrup
a little sprinkle of some sea salt and I
may be gonna add a few mini chocolate
morsels to it I just think it makes it
look really pretty with the chocolate
morsels all right now time to try it
that salty and sweet combo is such a
treat to the taste buds again this is a
salted caramel mocha and I'm Morgan from
whole Lots I love thanks for watching
and go to whole lot sale of calm now
where you can purchase the products used
in this video the number one source for
everything coffee whole latte love calm